{
  "MemoryTest": "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.",
  "Reliability": {
    "score": 7.3,
    "justification": "The final Reliability score of 7.3 is derived from a balanced assessment of the scoring results. Higher scores (e.g., 8–9) are justified by specific factual disclosures (e.g., corporate structure, risk management processes, and audit committee involvement) and neutral, objective statements. Lower scores (e.g., 6–7) reflect gaps in explicit risk disclosures or limited depth in addressing uncertainties. The outlier 0 score, which lacks any risk or factual disclosures, is discounted due to its extreme deviation from the majority of results. Compromised scores (e.g., 7) are assigned for entries with mixed evidence, such as acknowledging limitations in risk management systems without overstatement."
  },
  "Relevance": {
    "score": 6.3,
    "justification": "The Relevance score of 6.3 reflects a moderate level of investor-focused information. Higher scores (e.g., 7) are supported by disclosures linking governance to stakeholder interests, risk management frameworks, and compliance requirements. Lower scores (e.g., 5–6) arise from a lack of forward-looking financial details, material risk disclosures, or explicit connections to investor decision-making. While some entries mention community engagement or governance structures, these are insufficient to elevate relevance to a higher tier. The average score captures the mixed quality of disclosures across the results."
  },
  "Understandability": {
    "score": 7.5,
    "justification": "The Understandability score of 7.5 is based on consistent clarity in most entries. Higher scores (e.g., 8–9) are attributed to structured explanations of processes, precise terminology (e.g., risk categorization), and direct language (e.g., clear reporting lines). Lower scores (e.g., 7) reflect minor issues like verbose phrasing or repetitive headers, but these do not significantly detract from overall readability. The outlier 0 score, which lacks logical structure or direct language, is discounted. The final score emphasizes the majority of results, where information is organized and articulated with sufficient precision."
  }
}