{
  "MemoryTest": "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.",
  "Reliability": {
    "score": 8,
    "justification": "The final score of 8 is based on the majority of scoring results indicating strong reliability through comprehensive audit processes, adherence to governance standards, and clear disclosure of risks. While some lower scores (6 and 5) reflect neutral factual statements, the higher scores (8 and 9) emphasize the Audit Committee's role, independence of auditors, and compliance with regulatory frameworks, which are critical for reliability. For example, evidence about reviewing audit scope, evaluating auditor independence, and ensuring compliance with accounting standards (e.g., Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance) supports the higher scores. The lower scores, though less impactful, still contribute to reliability through procedural transparency."
  },
  "Relevance": {
    "score": 7,
    "justification": "The final score of 7 balances high scores highlighting direct risk management and strategic alignment with the company's objectives against lower scores that focus more on governance processes. Higher scores (8 and 9) address material risks (e.g., foreign currency, credit, and commodity risks) and strategic planning, directly linking disclosures to investor and operational relevance. Lower scores (5 and 7) focus on governance (e.g., quorum requirements, corporate governance compliance) but lack specific risk disclosures or direct ties to material events. This mix results in a mid-range score, reflecting adequate relevance but room for deeper risk and performance context."
  },
  "Understandability": {
    "score": 8,
    "justification": "The final score of 8 reflects consistent high scores from multiple sources, indicating clear, precise language, and structured presentation. The highest scores (9) highlight bullet points, direct language, and procedural clarity (e.g., 'Reviewed the effectiveness and adequacy of the existing control and procedures'). Lower scores (7 and 8) show minor gaps in complexity but maintain overall clarity. For instance, some sections use precise descriptions of tasks and actionable objectives, while others slightly lack depth in explaining technical processes. This balance justifies the mid-high score, emphasizing good readability with minor areas for improvement."
  }
}